http://news.google.co.in/news?cf=all&hl=en&pz=1&ned=in&topic=m&output=rss health
http://rssfeeds.webmd.com/rss/rss.aspx?RSSSource=RSS_PUBLIC health
https://www.nlm.nih.gov/medlineplus/feeds/news_en.xml health
http://feeds.bbci.co.uk/news/health/rss.xml health
http://feeds.reuters.com/reuters/healthNews?format=xml health
http://news.google.co.in/news?cf=all&hl=en&ned=us&topic=m&output=rss health
http://feeds.bbci.co.uk/sport/0/rss.xml?edition=uk sports
http://feeds.bbci.co.uk/sport/0/football/rss.xml?edition=uk sports
http://feeds.bbci.co.uk/sport/0/cricket/rss.xml?edition=uk sports
http://feeds.bbci.co.uk/sport/0/tennis/rss.xml?edition=uk sports
http://feeds.bbci.co.uk/sport/0/rugby-union/rss.xml?edition=uk sports
http://newsrss.bbc.co.uk/rss/sportonline_uk_edition/boxing/rss.xml sports
http://newsrss.bbc.co.uk/rss/sportonline_uk_edition/other_sports/rss.xml sports
http://www.thehindu.com/sport/?service=rss sports
http://www.thehindu.com/sport/cricket/?service=rss sports
http://www.thehindu.com/sport/football/?service=rss sports
http://www.thehindu.com/sport/hockey/?service=rss sports
http://news.google.co.in/news?cf=all&hl=en&pz=1&ned=in&topic=s&output=rss sports
http://news.google.co.in/news/section?cf=all&ned=us&topic=s&siidp=b3d59a68f05b8427e355d9b9f096a8093584&ict=ln&edchanged=1&authuser=0 sports
http://feeds.feedburner.com/thr/news entertainment
#http://feeds.feedburner.com/thr/film entertainment
http://feeds.feedburner.com/thr/reviews/allreviews entertainment
http://feeds.feedburner.com/live_feed entertainment
http://www.tmz.com/category/movies/rss.xml entertainment
http://www.tmz.com/category/tv/rss.xml entertainment
http://www.tmz.com/category/celebrity-justice/rss.xml entertainment
http://www.tmz.com/category/beauty/rss.xml entertainment
http://www.tmz.com/category/gossip-rumors/rss.xml entertainment
http://feeds.feedburner.com/EtsBreakingNews entertainment
http://feeds.etonline.com/ETFashion entertainment
http://feeds.etonline.com/ETMovies entertainment
http://feeds.etonline.com/ETTelevision entertainment
http://feeds.skynews.com/feeds/rss/entertainment.xml entertainment
http://feeds.feedburner.com/HollywoodReporterAsia entertainment
http://www.thehindu.com/entertainment/?service=rss entertainment
http://www.thehindu.com/entertainment/entertainment-cinema/?service=rss entertainment
http://news.google.co.in/news?cf=all&hl=en&pz=1&ned=in&topic=e&output=rss entertainment
http://news.google.co.in/news?cf=all&hl=en&ned=us&topic=e&output=rss entertainment
http://news.google.co.in/news?cf=all&hl=en&pz=1&ned=in&topic=tc&output=rss tech
http://news.google.co.in/news?cf=all&hl=en&ned=us&topic=tc&output=rss tech
http://www.thehindu.com/sci-tech/?service=rss tech
http://www.thehindu.com/sci-tech/technology/?service=rss tech
http://www.thehindu.com/sci-tech/technology/gadgets/?service=rss tech
http://feeds.bbci.co.uk/news/technology/rss.xml tech
http://www.computerweekly.com/rss/IT-hardware.xml tech
http://www.computerweekly.com/rss/Enterprise-software.xml tech
http://www.computerweekly.com/rss/IT-services-and-outsourcing.xml tech
http://www.computerweekly.com/rss/IT-security.xml tech
http://www.computerweekly.com/rss/Networking-and-communication.xml tech
http://www.computerweekly.com/rss/Mobile-technology.xml tech
http://www.computerweekly.com/rss/Internet-technology.xml tech
http://www.computerweekly.com/rss/IT-management.xml tech
http://www.computerweekly.com/rss/IT-careers-and-IT-skills.xml tech
http://www.computerweekly.com/rss/Public-sector-IT-news.xml tech
http://www.computerweekly.com/rss/Financial-services-IT-news.xml tech
http://www.computerweekly.com/rss/All-Computer-Weekly-content.xml tech
http://www.computerweekly.com/rss/Latest-IT-news.xml tech
http://feeds.reuters.com/reuters/INbusinessNews business
http://feeds.reuters.com/reuters/businessNews business
http://www.business-standard.com/rss/economy-policy-people-in-news-10210.rss business
http://www.business-standard.com/rss/markets-106.rss business
http://www.business-standard.com/rss/latest.rss business
http://www.business-standard.com/rss/bsrss.xml business
http://www.business-standard.com/rss/companies-101.rss business
http://www.business-standard.com/rss/economy-policy-102.rss business
http://www.business-standard.com/rss/economy-policy-news-10201.rss business
http://www.cnbc.com/id/20910258/device/rss/rss.html business
http://www.cnbc.com/id/10001147/device/rss/rss.html business
http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/rssfeedsdefault.cms business
http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/rssfeedstopstories.cms business
http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/markets/stocks/rssfeeds/2146842.cms business
http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/markets/bonds/rssfeeds/2146846.cms business
http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/economy/rssfeeds/1373380680.cms business
http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/wealth/tax/rssfeeds/47119912.cms business
http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/wealth/invest/rssfeeds/48997553.cms business
http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/wealth/insure/rssfeeds/47119917.cms business
http://www.economist.com/sections/business-finance/rss.xml business
http://www.economist.com/sections/economics/rss.xml business
http://zeenews.india.com/rss/sports-news.xml sports
http://feeds.feedburner.com/NDTV-Cricket?format=xml sports
http://indiatoday.intoday.in/rss/article.jsp?sid=41 sports
http://www.news18.com/rss/sports.xml sports
http://www.oneindia.com/rss/news-sports-fb.xml sports
http://feeds.reuters.com/reuters/INtopNews general
http://feeds.reuters.com/reuters/topNews general
http://feeds.bbci.co.uk/news/rss.xml general
http://feeds.bbci.co.uk/news/world/rss.xml general
http://feeds.bbci.co.uk/news/politics/rss.xml general
http://feeds.foxnews.com/foxnews/latest?format=xml general








